Privacy Policy:,
               
1. Introduction',
               
                'Welcome to Propredictz! This Privacy Policy is designed to help you understand how we collect, use, share, and protect your personal information when you use our mobile gaming app.',
                
2. Information We Collect',
               
                '2.1 Personal Information: We may collect personal information that you provide to us, such as your name, email address, and other contact details when you register or communicate with us.',
               
                '2.2 Usage Information: We may automatically collect information about how you interact with our app, including your device information, IP address, and in-game activity.',
               
3. How We Use Your Information',
                
                '3.1 Provide and Improve the App: We use your information to deliver, personalize, and improve our app, as well as to respond to your inquiries.',
                
                '3.2 Analytics: We may use analytics tools to understand how users interact with our app, helping us improve its functionality and user experience.',
                
                '3.3 Communications: We may send you promotional emails and notifications related to our app, but you can opt-out at any time.',
               
             
4. How We Share Your Information',
               
                'Legal Compliance: We may disclose your information to comply with legal obligations, protect our rights, and ensure the safety of our users.',
                
5. Data Security',
                
                'We take reasonable measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access and disclosure.',
                
6. Children\'s Privacy',

                  'Our app is not intended for children under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and believe that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us, and we will delete the information.',
                 
7. Changes to This Privacy Policy',
                
                  'We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, and any changes will be effective upon posting. Please review this policy regularly.',
                 
                'Terms and Conditions:',
                
                  'The terms "We" / "Us" / "Our" / "Company" individually and collectively refer to Propredictz App and terms "Visitor" "User" refer to the users.',
                 
                  'This page states the Terms and Conditions under which you (Visitor) may visit this website (Propredictz). Please read this page carefully. If you do not agree with our terms and conditions , we would request you to exit this App.',
                 
                'Use of Content:',
                
                  'All logos, brands, marks headings, labels, names, signatures, numerals, shapes or any combinations thereof, appearing in this site, except as otherwise noted, are properties either owned, or used under license, by the business and/or its associate entities who feature on this Website. The use of These properties or any other content on this site except as provided in these terms and conditions or in the site content, is strictly prohibited.',
                
                  'you may not sell or modify the content of this App or reproduce, display, publicly perform, distribute, or otherwise use the materials in any way for any public or commercial purpose without the respective organization\'s or entity\'s written permission.',
                  
                'Legality:',
               
                  'Propredictz is considered as "Game of Skill". Online gaming laws are often specific to individual countries and sometimes even regions within countries. Ensure that you are aware of and compliant with the laws in the jurisdictions where your app is available. The game of skills of the individuals participating in any onlinen E-sports gaming play a dominant role rather than the mere luck of the individuals. The individuals in game of skills use their knowledge, skills, training and attention for participaation and winning.',
                 
                  'Online E-sport gaming is considered to be a legal practice around the world with certain states being an exception. Online E-sports gaming is entirely based on the concept of Game of skills.',
                 
                  'Propredictz is completely legal as it offers services, E-sports like Dream11, BGMI, Candy crush, Prediction games, etc. The services, contests and programs related to online E-sports gaming offered by Propredictz is entirely dependent on the skills, knowledge and attention of the users which makes online E-sports gaming offered at Propredictz is a game of skills and 100% legal.',
                 
                'Alignment with the Indian Laws:',
               
                  'The game of skills such as the online E-sports gaming are considered to be legal all over India except certain states such as Assam, Telengana, Odisha, Sikkim and Nagaland. The Public Gambling Act, 1867 ("PGA, 1867") is recognized as the primary legality driving the prevalence of gambling in India.The PGA defines the act of "public gambling" and the keeping of a common gaming house as a criminal and punishable act in India. However, the online fantasy sports gaming is considered to be an exception under the PGA, wherein the provisions and punishments of PGA shall not be applicable to games played by the user using their skills and knowledge as primary tools.',
                  
                  'The laws related to the game of skills are unclear in Assam, Telengana, Odisha, Sikkim and Nagaland. In this regard, for the websites offering E-sports gaming, it remains unclear whether to offer the services for free or not. The Indian states with no clearance regarding the offering of pay-to-pay contests include Assam, Telengana, Odisha, Sikkim and Nagaland. In this context, Propredictz does not permit the users identified as the residents of Assam, Telengana, Odisha, Sikkim and Nagaland to participate in the pay-to-pay contests organized by Propredictz.',
                  
                'Cancellation Policy:',
               
                'Our focus is complete customer satisfaction. In the event, if you are displeased with the services provided. we will refund back the money if provided reasons are genuine and proved after investigation. Please read the fine rules of each match before joining the contest as it provides all the details about the match.Requests received after 2 days will not be considered.',
               
                'About Us:',
                
                'Welcome to Propredictz, where excitement meets skill! We are passionate about delivering a thrilling and immersive gaming experience that combines the strategic allure of cricket prediction with the excitement of ludo betting.',
               
                'Our Mission',
                
                'At Propredictz, our mission is to provide users with a platform that not only entertains but also empowers. We strive to create an engaging space where your knowledge of cricket meets the thrill of ludo, offering a dynamic gaming experience that keeps you on the edge of your seat.',
                
                'Our Team',
                
                'Behind Propredictz is a dedicated team of gaming enthusiasts, developers, and industry experts. We are united by a shared vision of creating an unparalleled gaming experience that redefines the boundaries of entertainment. We value your feedback and input. If you have any questions, suggestions, or just want to say hello, feel free to reach out to us at [propredictz.offical@gmail.com]. Your experience is our priority, and we\'re here to make your time with Propredictz unforgettable.',
                
                'Join us on this exciting journey, where every prediction and every roll of the dice brings you closer to victory. Thank you for choosing Propredictz – where the game is always on!',
               
